So a PhD is in psychology, kind of the more traditional degree. So so,
way back in the day, the doctors, uh, philosophers were kind of like
the thinkers. And so a doctor of philosophy was was a degree that
was earned by people who, uh, made their living thinking. Um and then
there was the medical degree, and that was more of like, a practitioner
type of degree. So these were people who made a career out of
healing people or making people better. Um, and so the PhD was also
very much a research based degree in psychology. Um, but clinical psychologists
aren't spending their careers generally doing research.
They're spending their careers, you know, practicing clinical psychology,
which is you can kind of think of it in that sense, like an M.
D. It's more like a healing degree. They're working with clients. Um,
eso Assaidi reflects that Assaidi is really designed to teach up
and coming clinical psychologist how to practice clinical psychology,
whereas a PhD is still kind of designed in that traditional model
where what you're doing is a lot of research and you're learning theory.
And while that could be helpful for people who ultimately want
to become clinical psychologist. Um, you know, Assaidi actually, in
some ways is better training for them because they're actually learning
how to practice clinical psychology just as medical doctors learn
how to practice being doctors while earning their M D degree.